A /berry_effects datum is key to the effects that a berry produces.

The datum contains variables for every effect that a berry can produce.
(please give it a proper name!)

It also contains a few procs to be able to add to and substract from
another /berry_effects datum. Basically what this does is take the total
sum of the variables on both datums and divide those by 2.
If the variable on either side is 0 then the variable is not added but
the original variable is kept.

Food and berries have an "effects" variable which is linked to a
/berry_effects datum or null if there are no effects.

Berries start with a preconfigured /berry_effects datum which has
the default value for that berry.

Mobs also have an "effects" datum which is used in determining the current
effects. This also means that you can counter the effects of berry A by
using berry B real quick.

Mixing berries basically uses the Add proc on the target /berry_effects
datum to add it to the other. Then the berry icon is added to the other
berry icon, after which an overlay is Blend()ed to the finished icon in
order to preserve the original black border.

Ta-da! Add a click & drag system to initiate the mixing of berries and
adding berries to food and you've got a robust berry mixing system. The
effects of berries can even be negated if you mix the antigen of an effect
together. i.e., caffeine would basically have a /berry_effects datum with a
negative value for the "sleep" effect.

"sleep" berry: 10 sleep effect
"poison" berry: 10 poison effect
"food" berry: 10 food effect
"hunger" berry: -16 food effect
"caffeine": -12 sleep effect
"heal" berry: 10 endurance effect

The "hurt" berry should be removed as it makes no sense.
The "endurance" effect allows you to withstand a bit of damage. A multiplier
should be used to reduce incoming damage by 1-2%. It counters poison a bit and
stops poison from continuing (though less poison will be removed from the body).

Now as I explained you can combine berries. If you were to combine a
"sleep" and "poison" berry, the result is:
	10 + 0 = 10 sleep
	10 + 0 = 10 poison
In this case the effects are just added to each other.

But if you mix a sleep berry and caffeine you'll get this:
	10 - 12 = -2 sleep
Because sleep < 0, it will actually have a positive effect
and increase your sleep for a bit instead of draining it.

Note that effects should happen slowly using the Life() proc on the mobs.
This means that you'll need to mix a bunch of sleep berries in order to
create a very potent sleep drug that will eventually wear off, but just
eating a single berry will only make you a bit sleepy.